auracle: add page (#4572)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/bundle.md

`bundle update`

> - Update one/multiple specific gem(s) defined in the `Gemfile`:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Update one or more specific gem(s) defined in the `Gemfile`:
```

`bundle update {{gemname}} {{gemname}}`

> - Update one/multiple specific gems(s) defined in the `Gemfile` but only to the next patch version:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Update one or more specific gems(s) defined in the `Gemfile` but only to the next patch version:
```
